Added KP requirements for reasoning (#28)
NCATSTranslator/TranslatorArchitecture: README.md

   1. The SRI will provide mapping tools to perform this conversion.
1. ARAs and KPs may both score answers (provide scores in the message); ARAs are required to score answers.
1. KPs should not call other KPs.
1. KPs that implement the Translator Reasoner API must perform the following kinds of reasoning in answering queries:
   1. Making identifiers more specific, e.g. responding to a query involving an entity with information related to a subclass of that entity.

>    1. Making categories in a query more specific. e.g. responding to a query for a Named Thing with a particular ChemicalSubstance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Making categories in a query more specific. e.g. responding to a query for a biolink:NamedThing with a particular biolink:ChemicalSubstance.
```
